(eerie music)
(eerie music continues)
(door opening)
(door closing)
- I'm home.
Hello?
(utensils clattering)
(radio playing, indistinct)
Did you have a good day?
- No.
- You did grocery shopping?
- So, there's no--
- No!
(TV):  Call in and let us know.
Maybe you're a fascist pig
or a tree hugger.
I don't care. I just want
to hear...
(TV):  ...reports are now flooding
in from all over the country,
as well as from all over
the world.
A lot of false information has
been spread on social media.
So we urge you to check
the official channels
for the latest
updated information.
- Come on, it's just some big
pharmaceutical company trying to cash in.
(TV, indistinct)
They probably created the virus in
order to push their vaccine on us.
Do you reckon?
(TV reporter): The rate
it's spreading is alarming
and health officials are now
urging the public
to stay at home
until further official news...
- Anyway.
Look, I've got loads of papers
to mark.
Then, I should go to bed.
- Hey, I...
I want to...
- You want to...?
- Never mind, we'll talk about
it tomorrow when you get home.
- Okey-dokey.
(sirens wailing)
(background chatter)
(TV playing, indistinct)
(jet fighters flying overhead)
(crashing, glass shattering)
(alarm ringing)
- What the fuck did you do?!
- Wait here!
- Hey, I want to...
I want to...
(alarm ringing)
...get a divorce.
(siren wailing)
(man): I guess it was just
a matter of time.
- I'm sorry, what?
- Hello? Ever heard about 9/11?
(clattering)
- Run! They're...
- ...biting!
(panting)
- What do you mean, biting?!
(tires screeching outside,
crashing)
(people yelling)
(grunting)
- Oh, my God!
(TV):  The BBC is now reporting that
those infected are extremely dangerous
and should be avoided
at all costs.
Until further notice,
food rationing is advised.
Meanwhile, Donald Trump
has just tweeted that--
- One, two, three, four...
cans of chopped tomatoes,
two baked beans
and some Tabasco.
(sirens wailing)
(indistinct shouting)
- That's it?
- Oh, and... and some ketchup.
- I can't do this.
(slamming door)
Oh, God...
(retching)
- Are you okay?
- That list is not gonna last us
more than a couple of days,
tops!
- I have an idea.
- I really don't want
to do this.
- You said so yourself. Our supplies
won't last us more than a couple of days.
And if the door to the building
is locked,
then you should probably
be okay out in the hallway.
- "Probably?"
You do realize that looting
our neighbours' homes...
is kind of illegal?
- Honestly, I really don't think
they'll give a shit anymore.
You saw what happened out there.
Jesus!
Their faces were all gone!
Look, we'll take it in turns.
Okay?
(scoffing)
(TV, indistinct)
And you didn't hear anyone?
- No.
The door to the Andersons'
was open.
(TV): Put Xs in your windows,
and wait for help...
- Oh...
Okay.
You should check
their place out too.
- Oddjob.
(chuckling)
- Okay.
There are some...
moving boxes in the wardrobe.
You should get those out
so that...
we can store our stuff
in them.
See you later.
You should see her clothes.
- Were you planning
on leaving me?
I was just wondering,
just because of the...
Well, the moving boxes were...
Or perhaps you got them for
that stuff we put in storage?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Your turn.
- I really don't wanna do this.
(sighing)
- I couldn't help noticing
the Andersons have a...
They have a bigger TV than us.
Forty-inch, I think.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
- Oh, good...
(TV): ...North European
refugees.
This is our last broadcast
for now.
We'll be back as soon as
the situation has stabilized.
Until then, you are all urged
to stay indoors,
and avoid physical contact
with others.
Rescue teams are out
evacuating people.
Put an X in your windows so these
rescue workers can find you.
Tune in to radio FM 1.03.2
at 3 PM for
the latest updates.
We repeat, put an X in your windows
so that rescue teams can find you.
(long beep)
(classical music)
(helicopters flying overhead)
(thunder rumbling)
- Good morning.
- What the fuck?!
- I couldn't sleep,
so I went out to get some stuff.
- You went to get some stuff?!
- And we don't know
how long we're gonna be cooped
up here, do we, so...
Might as well stock up,
just in case.
I mean, hopefully we'll be
rescued soon.
But better safe than sorry,
right?
- At which point we'll return
the things we've taken, right?
- Of course.
- Oh...
You're kidding?
- I know! It's crazy.
But she looks fatter, right?
- We could go to St Paul's.
I bet people are seeking refuge
there.
- You're joking, right?
You heard what they said.
Stay indoors, wait for help.
Seems pretty clear to me.
- Yeah, but what if they...
the... the infected people...
what if they try to get in?
(sighing)
- We'll defend ourselves.
(eerie music)
(radio): We still don't know
the cause behind the epidemic,
why only certain parts of
the world are affected,
or why those who are infected
act the way they do.
All we can do is urge everyone
to please stay indoors.
We know there are a lot of
you out there,
and we're doing everything in
our power to keep water
and electricity going
as best we can.
In return,
all I'm asking of you
is that you keep yourselves
busy while you wait for help,
because help is on the way.
Thank you.
- That was the Department of
Health's chief scientific--
- "Keep busy."
What the fuck's that
supposed to mean?
- Kill time while we wait
for help?
- How? Doing what?
- It's going to be okay.
Soon all of this will be over
and...
everything will return
back to normal.
- Normal...
Some of our neighbours
are lying...
half-eaten,
by my bike out there.
And there's a bunch
of infected fuckers
running around trying to bite
our faces off.
What "normal"
are you talking about?!
- if we look at history,
what it teaches us is that at every,
shall we say, momentous event,
people have shown a remarkable
ability to recover and...
if we take the...
the Black Death
and even world wars and...
- Is this what you teach your students?
(scoffing)
That everything will
probably be okay?
- Where are you going?
- Wine.
- Oh, hang on, hang on.
Please, just...
Really? This early?
- I've been drinking wine every
single day for a year almost.
Ever since she...
What do you think
my "magazine expense" is?
Haven't you noticed
I've been reading
the same goddamn magazines
over and over again?!
That was when we died,
wasn't it?
The thing I wanted more than
anything else in this life,
I can't have anymore.
I didn't see myself in her.
But I did see you.
So looking at you every day...
it hurts.
(sniffling)
People throw pity parties for us
to make themselves feel better
about their own relationships.
"Hey, as long as we haven't
got it as bad as them."
- I know.
We're the sad couple.
(chuckling): I don't give a shit
what they think.
(crying): I just...
I just wanted to see
her grow.
My baby girl.
- Me too.
- And pretty soon,
we'll be gone too.
- No.
No.
We're gonna get through this.
- Do you actually believe that?
- I know it. I actually know it.
And if...
one of them tries to break in,
we'll be fucking ready.
Yeah.
Come on, practice makes perfect.
Come on!
(eerie music)
- Shh!
(whispering): Someone's
at the door.
(whispering): You reckon
it's the rescue team?
(both shouting)
(growling)
Fuck off! Fuck!
Fuck's sake!
(panting)
(growling in the corridor)
- Tea.
- Coffee.
(radio): Professor Olpes says
it should be relatively easy
to isolate the virus
and find a vaccine.
We'll be back with more news
at 12 o'clock.
- I can really kill
for a smoke right now.
Seriously.
(exhaling)
Thank you.
What else have you got
under there?
- Go in there
and sit on the couch.
- Why?
Get the fuck out of here!
This is not even funny.
(sniffing)
(laughing)
- It had its perks, working
in the evidence locker, um?
- Seriously.
What the fuck are you doing?!
- Cocaine.
What?
- What do you mean, "what?"
- What do you mean,
"what do you mean, what?"
- How much it is worth, then?
- Thirty, thirty-five grand.
- Are you... are you fucking
shitting me right now?
(laughing): No. Not right now.
Usually, yes, but not right now.
Don't be such a fucking wuss.
- Oh, so now you're just full-on bully?
- Oh, little sissy!
- You know what this is, right?
- I know perfectly well
what it is.
Little bitch.
- This is highly addictive.
- Yeah, whatever.
- Fine. And not because
I need it, actually,
but because I want to,
and maybe also I need it.
(snorting)
(sniffing)
- I never thought I'd say this,
but...
I'm proud of you.
- For doing drugs?
- For having the guts to try it.
- Thirty-five grand?
- Thirty, thirty-five.
Thereabouts.
- How do you--
- That's just for the coke.
- What the fuck else have you
got under that sink?!
- Cocaine. Cannabis. LSD.
Valium. Amphetamines.
Roofies. Sobril. Heroin.
Ecstasy!
- Oh! Hello.
- And...
Glock 17.
- Because, why?
Oh, no! So what were you planning
on doing with all this stuff?
- I don't know...
And it was just collecting dust
in the evidence locker room.
No one even noticed when
I switched a few things out.
- But they did, though,
didn't they?
- They couldn't really prove
anything.
- Or afford a huge public
scandal?
So, I mean... was it...
was any of this worth it?
- Sometimes.
-Yeah? In what way?
- Ever notice something...
the few times we have sex
nowadays?
- Um...
No, I... no.
- There's this...
thing we always eat.
- Eat?
- Yeah.
- The muffins?!
- Ecstasy muffins!
(laughing)
- Oh, that's smart.
- Thanks.
- I'm not getting much
of a buzz. Do you, um...
I don't know, should we do
another small one?
(TV): This is a public service
announcement...
(man moaning)
- Do you wanna watch a movie?
I mean, there's fuck all on TV.
- Sure.
- Could get an old VHS out?
- They told us to keep busy,
right?
(TV): Use your
water only for...
(gunshot)
(panting)
- What the... shit?!
- Sorry.
- My mother gave me that.
- But you...
you hate your mother.
- So? That's not the point.
- Sorry.
- I heard you the first time.
- Sor...
- I'm gonna take a bath.
- I'm gonna make breakfast.
(water running)
(helicopter flying overhead)
(spitting)
So, yesterday was...
Eye-opening.
Maybe we need to face the fact
that we're gonna be here
for a while.
So I think we should prepare
ourselves for the long haul.
I've got a few things in mind.
Three... two... one!
Okay, okay, okay.
Go! Go! Go!
(panting)
- At least Mom's china
wasn't a total waste.
Oh, hey! Not the Stoli.
(soft music)
(chains rattling)
Shit, isn't it time?
(sniffing)
- Oh, goddammit!
- Goddammit is right.
- That's good shit.
- Awesome shit.
It's three o'clock, right?
- Um, yeah.
- Weren't they supposed
to air now?
- Yeah.
- What the hell?!
(knocking on door)
- Yeah, what the hell?!
(man): Is there anybody?
- Oh, hi.
- Hello. Hi.
- Hi. How are you?
- Oh, fine.
How... how do you do?
- Well, yeah. Doing rather well.
- Would you mind if we come in?
If we don't bother, we'd really
appreciate it if we could.
- Yeah. If it's...
if it's convenient.
- Sure.
- Sure thing.
Shush.
- Hi.
(chuckling)
Come in, come in.
- So we got stuck in the
laundry room after the crash,
and once we got out,
we realized
there were infected people
in our apartment.
And then, we passed by and saw this
broken glass outside your door.
And I instantly got what it was.
Yeah, smart.
- Thank you.
- And have you heard
anything at all?
Our phones died last night,
so...
- Um, no, we haven't.
Not even on the radio.
It's, um... it's just...
Dead.
- Lots of people fleeing,
it seems.
- Yeah.
(stomach grumbling)
You wouldn't happen to have
anything to eat?
Maybe just a little... snack?
We kind of haven't eaten
in two days now.
- Yeah. It's true.
- Yeah.
- Of course.
- So kind of you.
- What the fuck
are we gonna do now?!
- I don't know.
Uh, wait...
What do you mean?
- Are we supposed to feed
these two now as well?
- I mean, you know what happened
to them, right?
- Uh, no. What?
- You know, she was pregnant,
and then,
apparently, she had
a stillborn child.
- Oh.
- And I think now,
she can't get pregnant.
And apparently, after that,
she just went a bit, uh...
(whistling)
Yeah, bananas, totally.
- Oh... how awful.
- I mean... still,
it's no excuse
for taking down my reminders
in the laundry room.
- We can't just throw them out
just because she wrote some
angry notes in the laundry room.
- But how long, though?
This cuts our food supplies
in half.
- Okay, let's just take this
one step at a time.
- She was doing her laundry
right after me
and I just put a reminder up.
And when I went back to get my
detergent, the note was gone.
I mean, some people, just...
- Maybe they've come out
here to regroup,
get their strength back up.
And then, they'll...
head back out and look for help?
- Sure.
Maybe we can help them
to arrive at that decision.
- What's your plan?
Turn all Nazi on them?
- No! Just...
give them a little nudge...
before they eat all our food.
- Take all our jobs,
change our culture, fuck our women?
That kind of thing?
(scoffing)
Excuse me.
(woman chuckling)
What?
- Cocaine.
It totally stifles hunger!
- Thank you so much.
I feel so much better now.
- Yeah, me too.
Thank you!
It's really... super.
Thank you.
Oh, I love your dress.
I have the exact same one.
I love it.
- And we've got
that same telly!
- Oh.
- Yes.
- I...
I think there's quite a few
things we've got in common.
- Sorry to be blunt, um...
What are your plans... now?
I mean, you're obviously welcome
to stay here,
but it's just...
our food supplies are limited.
And we really don't know when
or if the rescue teams
are coming.
- Oh, yes, of course, we get it.
Uh, sorry. We'd probably feel
the same way
if the shoe was
on the other foot.
No, no, no, no.
You want us to leave, say the word.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, sure.
- No, of course not.
You can... you can stay here.
- How kind of you, thank you.
- Obviously, we appreciate what
you're doing to help us, so...
If there's anything we can do
to contribute, just let us know.
- Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
You're our guests.
- That's very nice.
- Would you like a drink?
- Well, yes, I never say no
to a drink.
(laughing)
- Of course you wouldn't. Yeah.
Thank you.
- No, don't mention it.
- No, but...
Really, if there's anything
that we can do to help,
just... just say the word.
Anything at all.
- Thank you.
Sure.
What are you good at?
- What's that?
- What are you... good at?
- Oh, uh... Emily is the best
at cleaning.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, aren't you?
It's like walking around a china
shop where we live, yeah!
(laughing)
Can't even move, is it?
- Yeah, well, Leo is good at
um...
(rueful laugh)
I was gonna say "nothing."
Uh, organizing, right?
Is that a thing? Organizing.
- What do you mean, organizing?
- Hello! Your toolbox?
(smacks lips)
- So how about, uh...
you spruce the place up
a little bit later. And...
How about you put
some order in here?
- Yes, sure.
- Yeah.
- Great.
(sighing with satisfaction)
- Oh!
- You like red?
- Yeah! Yeah, yeah...
(classical music)
It's not all
about processing power, John.
Mac's OS is just superior,
everyone knows that.
- That's bullshit.
No, no, no, no...
All that Mac crap are just...
they're just Windows rip-offs.
Even my students know that.
- No!
Now, you really need
to understand that--
- What?
Sorry, what do I need
to understand?
- That you're probably right.
- Yeah... About?
- About PC being better
than Mac.
- Yeah! Exactly. Hey.
I knew you'd come around.
- So, we should probably try
and get some sleep, huh?
- Yeah, yeah.
Is there anywhere we could
have a little sleep, maybe?
- Um...
You could sleep on the floor
down there.
- You want us to sleep
on the floor!?
- Uh, yeah, I mean, you can have
the sofa cushions
and I can get you
some more pillows.
- I just assumed the couch
pulled out.
- You know what, it does,
it does pull out,
but it's really hard to pull
back in, so... yeah.
- Uh... okay, okay.
Oh! Do you think you could loan
us a spare toothbrush?
- Loan? What, are you
gonna return it?
- No, no, sorry, I mean,
we would buy you a new one, of course.
(laughing)
- Just... I'm kidding!
Of course you can loan
a toothbrush.
- Oh, oh...
(laughing)
- Not everyone gets her sense
of humour.
- They think they're so much better than
us just because they've got four bedrooms.
It's 120 square feet more.
- Then, why don't we just tell
them to go?
- For fuck's sake, think!
How will that make us look?
The whole neighbourhood would find
out that we hadn't helped them.
- Yeah, I didn't think of that.
I know what we could do.
Something really annoying.
(moaning in pleasure)
(moaning)
(moaning from the living room)
- What the fuck?
(moaning)
- What are you doing?
- Ah!
- Slap it.
- What?
- Slap my fucking ass.
(gently tapping)
Slap it harder! So they can
hear it! Put your back into it!
(slapping)
Ah!
- Ah!
- Another one?
(birdsong)
(lock clicking)
- Just a minute.
(toilet flushing)
- Should I come back later?
- All done.
After you.
- Thank you.
I was thinking, after breakfast,
you could get started
on that thing we talked about?
- I'm sorry, um...
What thing?
- You know, you could clear
the table, do the dishes.
General cleaning up.
And you, Leo, you could
do some organizing. Right?
- Yeah. And what do you want me
to organize?
- Our socks,
they're all jumbled up.
If you could pair them up,
that would be great.
- Sure.
- Sound good?
- Sounds good.
- Great.
It's a deal.
- Deal.
- Honey, um, I fell asleep
during that karate video.
Can we continue watching it?
- Yeah, sure.
I'm sorry.
(TV playing indistinctly)
(grunting on TV)
- God! Can you believe
this shit?
- Yeah, it's pretty weird.
- Pretty weird?! We don't have
to put up with this shit.
- Maybe write an angry note
about it.
- What?
- I said, what are we gonna do
about it?
- Pretty soon,
we're gonna have to act.
- Act?
- You realize that this is gonna
come down
to them or us?
(eerie music)
- You think I'd look good with a
stache like Lee Van Cleef?
- Who?
- That guy.
- I've finished the dishes.
- Oh, great.
Uh... you can help your husband
do the socks now,
if you want to.
- Sure.
- Only if you really want
to, though.
- Yeah, no, I'd... I'd love to.
(grunting on TV)
- Fuck me, you're evil.
- They won't last the day.
I know hate is a strong word,
but I hate their fucking guts!
- Just play along.
Their home, their rules.
- What?!
They're sitting there
watching a movie
and we're out here
sorting their socks.
- Yeah.
- And what, you don't think
that's degrading?
- No. I mean, I do, but...
- We need to do something.
- We could just get the fuck out of here.
No one's making us stay.
- What, are you on their side
now?
- No, no, no, no but--
- The gloves are coming off.
It's us or them.
- And what do you have in mind?
- Mutiny. We rise up.
We take power.
- And how do you propose
we do that?
- I don't know.
(sighing)
Not yet. Not yet...
We play along with their game
for now,
and find their weaknesses.
And...
- Overpower them in their sleep.
- Yeah.
We'll do it tonight!
- And I'd really like her to
put up a good fight, because...
- Oh, I love it
when you get all evil.
We're all done with the socks.
(whispering):
Should we do it now?
- Do what?!
- Um...
I thought I'd bake you
some cookies.
To say thank you
for having us stay.
- She's awesome
at baking cookies.
- Yeah.
- Great.
- But let me make them, though.
After all, you're our guests.
- Oh, that's nice.
- That is nice.
- You're really super nice.
- Mm.
Sit down, watch a movie.
Kick back.
Escape reality for a...
little bit.
- Yeah, that's a very good idea.
Thank you. What have you got?
- I'll pick a good one for you.
Enjoy!
- And what did you pick?
- Out of Africa.
- Oh...
Thank you, that's a...
a classic.
- Excuse me.
- Do this.
Be prepared.
This film is a tactical move.
- A tactical move?!
- Yeah.
Out of Africa?
It's probably the most
boring film of all time.
She is trying to put us
to sleep.
- I think we've underestimated
our dear opponents.
- You think?
- When they thought I was
asleep, I heard them say,
"Should we do it now?"
- Okay?
- Meaning:
"Should we kill them now?"
- What? No, no, no, no.
That's a little bit extreme.
- I'm telling you, Curler Bitch
and Country Club Asshole
know they wouldn't stand
a chance out there.
- But if... if they're out
to kill us,
what do you want to do about it?
- I've got a plan.
(TV): You can't tame me.
I'm a lioness.
- Oat cookies.
- Mm...
- Fresh from the oven.
Help yourselves.
- Uh... what's in them?
- Oh, um... the usual.
Plus a secret ingredient.
I'll put some coffee on, too.
Honey, could you help me
with the cups?
- Course.
- Plenty more where they came from.
- These are really good.
(sniffing)
- Mm.
- Well?
What's the secret ingredient?
- Amphetamines!
- Are you... Are you serious?!
I thought you were gonna say...
Valium or something.
How much?
- All of it.
- All of it?!
- Here are the coffees.
(nervously): Oh, coffee, coffee!
Oh, yes! Coffee, coffee, coffee!
Oh, I like coffee. I can't live
without coffee, actually.
It's like, living... you can't
live without breathing!
You know what's strange,
or crazy?
That fish, they can breathe in the water.
(chuckling)
Yeah, what's also very, very weird
that water can be a solid or a gas.
So strange!
(chuckling)
Did you see that YouTube clip?
- Oh, with the sneaky cat?
- The sneaky cat.
Yes, of course, the sneaky cat!
(meowing)
(growling)
It was a bit horrible,
but funny at the same time.
Oh, so strange.
(wheezing)
What... what's the matter?
(coughing)
Keep on breathing.
Calm down.
(grunting)
Your throat?
(mumbling)
Do you have... something?
(gasping for air)
(mumbling)
You're... argh...
You're so... so super nice.
Thank you.
(shaking)
- Maybe I overdid it.
- How much was... "all of it"?
- Two tablespoons.
- Probably overdid it then.
- They're just passed out,
right?
(gasping)
- No, I think we, um...
we murdered them.
- Fuck!
- Hmm.
Fuck indeed.
- I don't think this qualifies
as murder though.
- Oh, no?
- We offered them the cookies.
We didn't make them eat them.
- I don't think that's gonna
stand up in a court of law.
- Probably not.
- Probably not!
- Oh...
(sniffing)
- Son-of-a-fucking-bitch.
- What should we do
with the bodies?
(sighing)
- Maybe we could...
just drag them
to their apartment.
- Let's do that.
- Okey-dokey.
- Hey.
- Yeah?
- You did good.
- Uh...
Yeah.
Yeah, in the space of 48 hours, we
started taking drugs and murdering people.
Not sure I...
... "did good"  here.
- It was either us or them.
- Maybe you're right.
(wheezing from the living room)
- What the hell was that?!
- Wait here.
(wheezing)
(grunting)
(neck cracking)
(thud!)
(glass shattering)
(breathing deeply)
- What the actual...
fuck...?
- They must've been infected.
Maybe we all are.
(tense music)
(sniffing)
Shit! Goddammit!
- Son-of-a-goddamn-shit-bitch.
- This is serious shit.
- Dead serious.
- We should probably
get some sleep.
- It's the Valium.
(soldier, over PA system): Do not
come to us, we will come to you.
Do not come out! I repeat, do not come out.
(helicopter hovering)
Turn on a light in your
windows so we can see you.
Do not come to us,
we will come to you.
I repeat, do not come out.
Do not come out!
If you're in, turn on a light in
your windows so we can see you.
Do not come to us.
We will come to you.
- Hi.
What's going on?
- Every day could be our last.
So why not be
who you want to be?
If I'm gonna go out, I'm...
...gonna go out being myself.
Sit down. I'll...
I'll make you some breakfast.
- What's this?
- Ecstasy.
- Oh...
I see...
(classical music)
(jungle soundscape)
- I've been thinking.
- Okay.
- If we make it
out of here alive,
I want to adopt a child.
- Sure.
Let's do it.
- I have a lot of love to give.
And when there's no outlet
for it,
it turns into this...
negative, destructive thing
that I keep bottled up.
And all these...
raging emotions...
...fighting to get out.
- I know.
- But that's over now.
I want to start living again.
- I've never stopped loving you.
- I guess I never stopped
loving you, either.
Maybe...
a part of that love...
died when...
- Well.
I suppose I'll have to make you
fall in love with me
all over again.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- How are you gonna do that?
- Let's get reacquainted.
- I'd like that.
- Would you like
to go on a date with me?
You know, I'm very happy
you said yes.
(chuckling)
- Thank you.
So, tell me about you.
Who is John?
Gonna powder my nose.
- Okay.
- Uh, well...
I...
I guess I'm a guy who...
who lost his way in life.
I met this great, amazing,
beautiful girl.
We fell madly in love
with one another.
All we wanted to do was
multiply that love.
Things in life don't work out
how you want them to.
For various reasons.
See, our thing was that
we... we...
we couldn't get pregnant.
(softly): Oh...
- But...
That was a huge...
a huge disappointment in life
for both of us.
The thing about life is
you have all these...
ideas about how you want it
to turn out,
and then, it doesn't
turn out that way.
So...
I withdrew.
I hid within myself
and behind my job.
But then, something happened.
- What?
(chuckling)
- The end of the world.
(laughing)
- And then what?
- Then, it kind of...
Yeah, it kind of gave me
a perspective on things.
You know, that happiness,
my happiness
can be determined by...
can be determined
by what I've got,
and not necessarily...
by what I can't have.
So...
all I'm...
really wanting is, uh... is...
is another chance.
(classical piano music)
- I think we both kind of
lost our way there.
(pouring wine)
- Mm-hmm.
But the thing about losing
your way is that there's...
there's always a chance
of finding it again.
- We lost our way pretty badly,
though.
- True. Sure.
So, maybe the way back
is a little longer.
So what? If we're both...
willing to try.
And you know, maybe it's true
what they say,
that the main thing
is the journey.
- Who are "they"?
I've always wondered.
- Christ, me too.
- Well, if we find them,
I'll just bake them
some oat cookies.
- Oh, yes. Definitely.
- What are we watching?
- Notting Hill.
- Okay.
(classical music)
- You're still the most
beautiful thing I know.
(knocking on door)
- Maybe that's them.
They must have seen the X's!
Who is it?
(man): Rescue team, ma'am.
We're here to bring you out.
- It's the rescue team!
- No, no, don't open the door!
No, no!
(screaming)
(grunting)
- Sit!
Shh...
Shut up!
- I'm not sure
if they're still following us.
- No, I don't think so.
(woman panting)
Oh...
Look what we have here.
A couple people
that hasn't run away yet.
- What do you want?
- What do you think?
We seen that your light is still on.
Everyone else is gone.
So what do you have to hide?
- Nothing.
We're not hiding anything.
There's nothing of value here.
- Really?
(John): It's okay.
It's okay.
- So what's she worth to you?
- Everything.
- You have five minutes...
to go in and collect your money,
your jewelry, your valuables
or whatever,
or I smash her beautiful,
little face in. Hmm?
- She's the only thing
worth any value to me.
- Then, maybe
we should take her.
What do you think?
(crying)
- Yeah, maybe we should.
Take this little whiny twat
in there.
- Get up.
- And you...
You are coming with me.
(woman yelping)
Don't you fucking try anything!
- No! Don't touch her!
- What are you gonna do
about it?
(crying)
- Please.
- Please...? Please, what?
Please, fuck me?
(men arguing in the other room)
Huh? What?
Am I ugly or something?
(breathing heavily)
(faintly): Yeah, okay...
- Yeah, okay.
Okay, what? I'm ugly?
Or yeah, okay, fuck me?
Yeah, whatever.
You guys alright?
(man): Yeah, they got
a lot of crap!
(grunting)
- Oh, fuck!
(coughing)
(grunting)
(choking)
- Say please.
Don't touch it.
- What the fuck did you do!?
Come on, wake up.
It was her.
- Don't you fucking touch her!
(gunshots)
- Please, please.
Wait.
(gunshots)
(thud!)
- You're alright?
They're not fucking worthy.
Fuck them.
(eerie music)
- It's so quiet.
It's like we're the only
two people left in the world.
- That'd be nice.
(whirring in the distance)
(soldier, over PA system):
Do not come out.
I repeat, do not come out.
Come to your windows so we can see you.
- We're in here!
- Hey!
- Stop!
(screaming)
(helicopter hovering by)
- Help!
- Come back!
- Wait!
- They're not seeing us.
- What the fuck
are we gonna do now?
- Make a run for it?
(moaning)
(tense music)
Oh, fuck, they're gone.
(panting)
- We're almost out of food.
There's a shitload
of infected fuckers out there
and they know we're in here.
We don't stand a chance.
- Hey, hey.
We just...
Let's rest up.
We need to sleep.
Okay?
And then...
Then, we plan our escape.
(sharpening knife)
(door creaking)
Morning.
Or evening.
I've...
I've laid some clothes out
for you on the sofa.
The knives are sharpened.
Gun's loaded. And there's fresh
batteries in the torch.
Are you ready for this?
- I won't be any more ready
tomorrow.
- We're gonna be alright.
(soft music)
We just chop through.
(growling outside the door)
We don't stop and fight.
We just chop and keep going.
- I just want to say...
You won my love back.
I love you now more than ever.
I want you to know that.
(grunting)
(gunshots)
(footsteps approaching)
(panting)
- Oh, fuck.
Fuck!
(scratching against the wall)
We should go regroup.
Okay?
We should go think.
For a moment.
For a moment...
- We can't be the only ones
left, right?
Thanks.
(sighing)
- What is it?
- When we were...
...running out
of the warehouse...
...one of them bit me...
before I could get away.
(crying)
- If... well,
if you are infected,
maybe it won't break out
whilst you're still alive.
So we just keep you alive.
We just keep you alive.
I mean, there's probably
a vaccine out there by now.
There's probably been one
all along.
I...
I guarantee, I think there's...
...some pharmaceutical company
that's just waiting
to cash in on their vaccine.
So it's gonna be okay.
Yeah.
- Wow!
Thank you.
(growling)
(gasping)
(panting)
(growling outside the door)
(John): Where are you going?
- I had a nightmare.
- So you're just gonna take off?
- There's something growing
inside me.
There's this...
hunger.
A hunger that just keeps...
growing.
- I have an idea.
(breathing deeply)
- What the fuck are you doing?!
- Shh...
Here.
Now, you drink that.
- I'm not a fucking vampire!
- Drink it!
Let's just see if this makes
a difference to... to whether...
Well?
It isn't working?
- No, it is.
It is working.
- Okay.
- But you can't...
keep doing this.
- Look.
We'll just keep you afloat
until help arrives.
They'll have a vaccine.
They will have a vaccine, yes.
This is just some...
- Some what?
Some fucking pharmaceutical
company trying to cash in?
- Exactly.
Let's just see if this keeps
your hunger at bay.
- It's no use.
(yelling): This is what
we're doing!
It's my choice!
Alright?
It's my choice.
It's my fucking choice.
Oh fuck, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
- I can smell your wound.
Go. Now, go clean it.
Cover it up. Go, go now!
Today, we try it your way.
Tomorrow,
I get to decide what I do.
(classical music)
(John sighing)
- Nothing?
- Nothing at all.
Like the whole world's
come to a halt.
- Are you...
hungry?
- Stop it.
- But...
- Rest assured, I'll let you
know when I'm... hungry, okay?
- But, if...
today is gonna be my day,
I want the day to be perfect.
- So do I.
- That's good.
Come this way.
Over here.
We're gonna sit down.
Because there's something
I want to talk to you about.
- Okay...
What do you want to talk
to me about?
- Our future.
Because this is how I see
everything playing out now.
Now... tomorrow...
we're gonna wake up to the
sound of a knocking at the door.
(knocking)
It's the rescue team.
(indistinct dialogue, soldier)
Obviously, I'm right.
There is a vaccine.
(chuckling)
But...
- But?
- The vaccine has a side-effect
that we don't...
we don't really notice it
at first.
But then, you...
you start to get a little sick.
In the mornings.
- And...
around nine months later...
she arrives.
(baby crying)
Our first-born child.
- First-born?
- Yeah.
Because a year later,
we'll have Luke.
- Little Luke.
We'll need a bigger house.
That's fine because...
I would've been promoted
to head teacher by then,
so we can finally get that
big old house in the country.
- And we'll have a greenhouse.
(birdsong)
Where we...
- Grow our weed.
(chuckling)
- Yeah.
And our tomatoes.
- Really?
- Mm.
Both our kids,
they'll want to go to uni.
- We'll be proud parents.
- But no matter
how much we love them...
we'll be pleased
to see them leave.
- Why is that?
(whispering): Because
we can fuck like rabbits.
(laughing)
- And we'll have
loads of grandchildren.
And the thing...
the thing we'll look forward to
the most every year
will be spending Christmas,
together, with the whole family.
A crazy big family.
- Ginormous.
- Yeah. That's right.
- But the thing I'll look
forward to more than anything...
is that I get
to grow old with you.
- True.
I want that more than anything
in this world.
- It'll be alright.
- I think I'm gonna take a bath.
(water running)
(grunting)
(knocking)
- Hi.
There you go.
- But honey--
- It's fine.
(door closing)
(breathing deeply)
(breathing shakily)
No muffins?
- No muffins needed today.
(classical music)
(woman's voice):
"My darling, honey,
there's only one word
that sums you up:
perfect.
I had gotten myself
into a dark place,
but you pulled me back
into the light.
You were my lighthouse,
guiding me safely to shore.
I'm not lost anymore.
I'm so happy that I met you,
and that you chose me.
Our children love you,
and I loved
growing old with you.
When I look back on it,
my life has been perfect.
And it's all thanks to you."
Thank you.
"That's my reality.
It's what I'm taking with me.
In my nightmare, however,
the hunger took over.
In the end,
I couldn't fight it,
and I couldn't let
it take you.
Unfortunately
I don't know how to end it,
so I'm asking you
for one last thing.
End my nightmare.
You'll find it in the nursery.
I love you, always.
Karen."
(gasping)
(crying)
(chains rattling)
(moaning)
- You died first.
But the funeral's... beautiful.
People thought I was nuts to put
a vine of tomatoes in your coffin.
But you know why I did.
I kept having Christmases
at our house.
The kids would come.
The grandkids would come.
And we'd drink to you.
Every single year.
You know,
I've never met anyone new.
You gave me all the love
that I ever needed.
I continued
to live for a while.
Then, I quietly pass away.
Although, I...
I don't really know what
happened after that point.
I like to think that we...
we continue to create
magical adventures together.
For the rest of eternity.
(crying softly)
(gun cocking)
(closing door)
Forgive me.
(soft music)
(bang!)
(soldier): This one was marked
with an X, too.
Is anybody here?
- Check every room.
- There's no one here.
- I heard something.
Over there.
- Be careful.
There's something in there.
- Ready?
- On three. 1, 2...
Go!
- Watch it.
- What the fuck?
(moaning)
What the hell is this?
(both wheezing)
- Why are their arms taped
together?
The fuck are we looking at here?
- Love.
Johansson.
Let's hear it.
- "For the purposes
of maintaining order
and guaranteeing security,
your citizenship or permanent
residence is hereby revoked
and/or null and void,
and permission to carry out the
relevant provision under article 2018,
section 199,
is hereby granted."
(growling)
- We're done here.
Let's clear the place.
(gunshots)
(tense music)